Add BoxCox for 1 + x (#223)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/boxcox1p/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2018 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# boxcox

> > Compute the [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation] of `1+x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute a one-parameter [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation] of `1+x`.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

> The [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation] is defined as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A one-parameter [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation] is defined as 
```

> <!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:boxcox_transformation_one_parameter" align="center" raw="y^{\lambda} = \begin{cases}\frac{(y + 1)^{\lambda} - 1}{\lambda} & \textrm{if}\ \lambda \neq 0 \\ \log(y + 1) & \textrm{if}\ \lambda = 0 \end{cases}" alt="One Parameter Box-Cox of x + 1 Transformation"> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:boxcox_transformation_one_parameter" align="center" raw="y^{\lambda} = \begin{cases}\frac{(y + 1)^{\lambda} - 1}{\lambda} & \textrm{if}\ \lambda \neq 0 \\ \log(y + 1) & \textrm{if}\ \lambda = 0 \end{cases}" alt="One-Parameter Box-Cox Transformation"> -->
```

<div class="equation" align="center" data-raw-text="y^{\lambda} = \begin{cases}\frac{(y + 1)^{\lambda} - 1}{\lambda} & \textrm{if}\ \lambda \neq 0 \\ \log(y + 1) & \textrm{if}\ \lambda = 0 \end{cases}" data-equation="eq:boxcox_transformation_one_parameter">

>     <img src="" alt="One Parameter Box-Cox Transformation" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="" alt="One-Parameter Box-Cox Transformation" />
```

    <br>
</div>

<!-- </equation> -->

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var boxcox1p = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/boxcox1p' );
```

#### boxcox1p( x, lambda )

> Compute the [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes a one-parameter [Box-Cox transformation][box-cox-transformation] of `1+x`.
```

```javascript
var v = boxcox1p( 1.0, 2.5 );
// returns ~1.8627

v = boxcox1p( 4.0, 2.5 );
// returns ~21.9607

v = boxcox1p( 10.0, 2.5 );
// returns ~160.1246

v = boxcox1p( 2.0, 0.0 );
// returns ~1.0986

v = boxcox1p( -1.0, 2.5 );
// returns -0.4

v = boxcox1p( 0.0, -1.0 );
// returns 0.0

v = boxcox1p( -1.0, -1.0 );
// returns -Infinity
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var incrspace = require( '@stdlib/math/utils/incrspace' );
var boxcox1p = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/boxcox1p' );

var x = incrspace( -1.0, 10.0, 1.0 );
var l = incrspace( -0.5, 5.0, 0.5 );
var b;
var i;
var j;

for ( i = 0; i < x.length; i++ ) {
    for ( j = 0; j < l.length; j++ ) {
        b = boxcox1p( x[ i ], l[ j ] );
        console.log( 'boxcox1p(%d, %d) = %d', x[ i ], l[ j ], b );
    }
}
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
